{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34020\viewh21340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prompt 1: JSON to API/Category Excel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Task:
\f1\b0  extract fingerprinting attributes/APIs and their groups from the 112 JSON files\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 You are given 112 JSON files containing browser fingerprinting results. Search all files and extract every fingerprinting-related attribute/API that appears, along with its corresponding group/category if available. Use the serial prefix in each filename as the site ID. Create an Excel file with rows as sites and columns as attributes/APIs grouped under their categories. Mark each cell as FP if that attribute/API is present for that site, otherwise leave it blank. Also create a category-level sheet where each category is marked FP if any API in that category is present for that site. Keep the original site serials and do not renumber them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Prompt 2: Privacy Policy Keyword Search to Excel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Task:
\f1\b0  search privacy-policy files for category keywords and mark declared collection
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You are given privacy policy files for the same sites and a keyword list for fingerprinting-related categories. Search each privacy policy for the keywords and map the matches to the correct categories. Use the serial prefix in each filename as the site ID. Create an Excel file with rows as sites and columns as categories. Mark FP if the privacy policy indicates that data from that category will be collected, otherwise leave the cell blank. Do not renumber the sites. Keep the category names consistent across the whole file.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Prompt 3: Match Tool Excel with Policy Excel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Task:
\f1\b0  compare detected categories with declared categories\
You are given two Excel files for the same sites: one policy-declared category file and one tool-detected category file. Match them site by site and category by category using the site serial prefix. Create an Excel output where each cell is marked FP if the category is both declared in the privacy policy and detected by the tool, XX if the tool detects the category but the privacy policy does not declare it, and blank otherwise. Keep all category names and site serials exactly the same as in the input files.}